 1 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 個 ok play here please. 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% 1.5% Thank you. Nice to see you. Some very familiar faces. Well, thank you very much. We're going to be in honor to be here today. We have a first full day as president. We're back. And we had a great first term, but we're going to have an even better second term. And I think we're going to do things that people would be shocked at. We're starting off with tremendous investment coming into our country. At levels that nobody's really ever seen before. I'm happy with the fact that I won the race and that they feel confident in their investments. And it's big money and high quality people. So my first day back from having a nice life. It's my honor to welcome three of the world's leading technology CEOs. And in the case of Larry, Larry Ellison, it's well beyond technology. The CEO of everything. He's an amazing man and amazing business person. But to announce the largest AI infrastructure project by far in history. And it's all taking place right here in America. As you know, there's great competition for AI and other things. And they're coming in at the highest level. We're joined by Oracle Executive German, Larry Ellison. So I'm going to be a big company. Softbank CEO. My friend, Masha, Masha. Yoshi son. And CEO of open AI. And I would say the. By far, the leading expert based on everything I read. Sam Altman. So that's great that you're coming in together. That's a massive group of talent and money. And now announcing the formation of Stargate. So put that name down in your books. Because I think you're going to hear a lot about it in the future. A new American company that will invest $500 billion at least in AI infrastructure in the United States. And very, very quickly moving, very rapidly creating over 100,000 American jobs almost immediately. And Dewi to take into account the financial undertaking is a resounding declaration of confidence in America's potential. Under a. New president, let me be a new president. I didn't say it. They did. So I appreciate that, fellas, but it will ensure the future of technology. What we want to do is we want to keep it in this country. China is a competitor and others are competitors. We want. falsible. A little be incredible, but it's technology and artificial intelligence, all made in the USA. Begin immediately, Stargate will be building the physical and virtual infrastructure to power the next generation of advancements in AI, and this will include the construction of colossal data centers, very, very massive structures. I was in the real estate business. These buildings, these are big beautiful buildings. They can employ a lot of people and physical campuses and locations currently being scouted nationwide. They're making their choices of locations. I think they have their choice. I'd like to ask Larry Sam and Masha to say a few words and just talk about a little bit about what they're doing. And if you have any questions, and then we'll go into a couple of other subjects also. This is to me a very big thing, $500 billion Stargate project. I think it's going to be something that's very special. It'll lead to something that could be the biggest of all. So Larry, maybe we'll start with you and we'll go down the line. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. President. We certainly couldn't do this without you. It would simply be impossible. AI holds incredible promise for all of us, for every American. We've actually been working with OpenAI for a while and with Masha for a while. The data centers are actually under construction. The first of them are under construction in Texas. Each building's a half a million square feet. There are 10 buildings currently being built, but that will expand to 20 and other locations beyond the Abelene location, which is our first location. The kind of applications that we're building to give you an idea, maybe the most charismatic and the ones that I think touches us all, is electronic health records, not just maintaining electronic health records, but by looking at electronic health records, understanding the condition of doctors better understanding the condition of their patients and being able to provide health care plans that are much better than the otherwise would be. A doctor in Indian River Reservation would be able to see how a doctor at Memorial Sloan Kettering would treat the patient or a doctor at Stanford would treat the patient. We actually provide all of that information, all of that guidance to the doctors who are treating cancer patients or patients with any other kind of disease made possible by AI. I'm not going to take a lot of time. I'm going to pass it to Masa, but this is a very exciting program for Oracle to be a part of. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. That's good. That's great. I feel it's tall as hell. Thank you. Well, Mr. President, last month I came to celebrate your winning and promise you will invest $100 billion and you told me, oh, Masa, go for 200. Now I came back with 500. Because this is the, as you say yesterday, this is the beginning of Golden Age of America. This is one great example, I think. We wouldn't have decided to do this. This is the beginning of Golden Age. We wouldn't have decided unless you won. And yesterday we agreed, we signed to make this happen. Because of this thing. So we would make this happen. We would immediately start deploying $100 billion. This is a goal of making $500 billion within the next four years, within U.S. Because of U.S. Success. So we are very, very excited to do this. And our partner is, of course, SoftBank, OpenAI, Oracle, and additionally investing partner with MGX. On top of that, we have the technology partner, and media. And of course, Microsoft has been very, very supportive to Sam and continue to support all our success. This is not just for business. As Rally said, this will help people's life. This will help solving many, many issues, difficult things that otherwise we could not have solved. With the power of AI, I think AGI is coming very, very soon. And after that, that's not the goal. After that, artificial super intelligence will come to solve the issues that mankind would never, ever have thought that we could solve. Well, this is the beginning of our Golden Age. Thank you very much. I don't have too much to add, but I do want to say I'm thrilled we get to do this in the United States of America. I think this will be the most important project of this era. And as Mosa said, for AGI to get built here, to create hundreds of thousands of jobs, to create a new industry centered here, we wouldn't be able to do this without you, Mr. President. And I'm thrilled that we get to. I think it'll be an exciting project. I think we'll be able to do all of the wonderful things that these guys talked about. But the fact that we get to do this in the United States is, I think, wonderful. So thank you very much. Could you just say one word? I hear there's so many positive things about what it's going to do for medical research and for solving things, cancer, and all the different problems. How will AI help us with the fight against the various problems, diseases, etc.? These guys can maybe share more about some of the work they're doing there. I think they'll jointly be some of the leaders about driving progress here. But I believe that as this technology progresses, we will see diseases get curated in unprecedented rate. We will be amazed at how quickly we're carrying this cancer and that one in heart disease. And what this will do for the ability to deliver very high quality health care, the costs, but really to cure the diseases at a rapid, rapid rate, I think will be among the most important things this technology does. Very good. Thank you. You're nice to have a stick and answer that one. So we're currently working on, do I step on this? Okay. All right. No, no, no, no. I'm not that, I'm not that, I'm not that tall. I'm not tall. You look bigger than ever. Thank you, Mr. President. One of the most exciting things we're working on, you again, using the tools that Sam and Moss are providing is our cancer vaccine. It's very interesting. Early diet, it turns out, I'll be quick, all of our cancers, cancer tumors, little fragments of those tumors float around in your blood. So you can do early cancer detection, if you can do, using a, you can do early cancer detection with a blood test. And using AI to look at the blood test, you can find the cancer, the cancers that are actually seriously threatening the person. So we can, again, cancer, cancer diagnosis using AI as the promise of just being a simple blood test. Then beyond that, once we gene sequence, once we gene sequence that cancer tumor, you can then vaccinate the person, design a vaccine for every individual person to vaccinate them against that cancer. And you can make that vaccine, that mRNA vaccine, you can make that robotically again using AI in about 48 hours. So imagine early cancer detection, the development of a cancer vaccine for your particular cancer aimed at you, and have that vaccine available in 48 hours. This is the promise of AI and the promise of the future. Great. Thanks. Thank you, sir. We have other questions. Yeah, just one second. We'll finish up. But, you know, these are highly respected guys. I was shocked with Larry, because I don't even think Larry does this stuff. He did a very good job for a guy that doesn't do it much, right? But he's so respected and the group, and it's really an honor. But, uh, for Larry to be here and do this is very unusual, because he doesn't do this, if he doesn't need it, and you don't need it, do you? You don't need it. But I just, I think it's an honor to the country. It's a great honor that this group, these are the top people that they, uh, they're going to do it, and they're going to do it here. And we're going to make it as easy as it can be. A 500 million dollar stockade project comes in addition to a separate pledge between $10,200 billion from, as we know, from Mosa. We talked about, uh, before, also 20 billion from the Mac, which was great. And we have many others that are coming. So much, I just say just an ounce that it's easier. But with some, I know them, and they're so highly respected, I'd rather do it this way. Many would like to do it this way, but we're letting the world know what's happening. This is money that normally would have gone to China or other countries, but in particular China and totaled before the end of my first full business day in Washington and the White House. We've already secured nearly $3 trillion of new investments in the United States. And probably that's going to be six or seven by the end of the week. And this amounts of money are coming in for, uh, for many things other than even AI. AI seems to be very hot. It seems to be the thing that a lot of smart people are looking at very strongly. Our country will be prospering like never before. I think that's true. And it's going to be the golden age of America. Because I say yesterday we had the most ambition, ambitious action oriented day of any administration and history. There's never been a first day like yesterday as you know, I signed a sweeping slate of executive orders to stop the invasion of our borders. I launched a government wide effort to defeat inflation and bring down the cost of daily life and bring down the cost of energy magnificently, bring it down. And when energy comes down, Larry, I'd say generally speaking, when energy comes down, everything else comes down. The prices of food and the prices of everything else come down. Energy is the big, that's the big baby. And we just let an national energy emergency to drill baby drill our term that we use. We're going to drill baby drill like never before. We ended destructive DEI mandates across the federal government and returned to our country to a merit-based system and a common sense system. As you know, the Supreme Court gave us a decision on merit where things in this country can be based on merit now instead of a lot of different rules, regulations and things that really put our country at a big disadvantage. We permanently stopped government censorship and restored free speech. That was signed yesterday. We were renamed the Gulf of Mexico, the Gulf of America. Sounds so beautiful, the Gulf of America. And returned the name of a great president, William McKinley to Mount McKinley. They took off the name. He was actually a great president. He was a very, very successful businessman. He ran for governor of Ohio, he won and did a great job as governor, ran for president and he won. He was assassinated ultimately in the second term, unfortunately. But he was the tariff king and he, I don't think he was as bad as I am. I think I believe in him even more than him, but he believed in him very strongly. He raised massive amounts of money. Our country was at its richest from, from 1870 to 1913, we had the most, that was when we were the richest, relatively speaking. We were the richest during that period of time. That was tariffs from other countries. And our administration is moving with unprecedented urgency and speed to confront every single crisis facing us and we'll get the job done. And again, I want to thank Sam and Maasa and Larry for being here. It's an honor to have him and we'll take a few questions. You would agree that it's never acceptable to a solid police officer. So then if I can among those who part in DJ Rodriguez, he drove a stung down into the neck of the DC police officer who was abducted by the mob that day, he later confessed on video to the FBI and pleaded guilty for his crimes. Why does key deserve a part? I don't know. Was it important because we're looking at commutes and we're looking at pods? Okay, well, we'll take a look at everything. But I can say this. Murderers today are not even charged. You have murderers that aren't charged all over. You take a look at what's gone on in Philadelphia. You take a look at what's gone off in LA where people murder people and they don't get charged. These people have already served years in prison and they've served them viciously. It's a disgusting prison. It's been horrible. It's inhumane. It's been a terrible, terrible thing. I also say this. You go to Portland where they did, where they wrapped police officers, shot police officers. Nothing happened to anybody. You go to Seattle where they took over a big chunk of the city and people died. Portland, a lot of people died. Where, man? And you go also take a look at Minneapolis because I was there and I watched it and if I didn't bring in the National Guard, that city wouldn't even exist today. People were killed and nobody went to jail. So these people have already served a long period of time and I made a decision to give a pardon. Joe Biden gave a pardon yesterday to a lot of criminals. These are criminals that he gave a pardon to and you should be asking that question. Why did he give a pardon to all of these people that committed crimes? Why did he give a pardon to the J6 unsolic committee when they burned and destroyed all documents which showed that they did what was wrong, not me. When did I? When did I? Why did they give a pardon to all of his relatives, his brother who made millions of dollars to all these different people? He gave a pardon. That's the question you should be answering. All right. Go ahead, you have a plate. I'm sorry, but I'm sorry. You guys follow up with that really fast. No, no, no, no. That's why I asked you. Go ahead. You said too much about your meeting with Speaker Johnson Senator Thun. Did you reach any conclusion on this one big? Pretty much. I think we have a good situation now. It's been in some ways made simpler by Los Angeles because they're going to need a lot of money and generally speaking, I think you find that a lot of Democrats are going to be asking for help. So I think maybe that makes it more one-sided. I think we're going to do very well. Look, we're going to take care of Los Angeles. I'm going there. I'm going to North Carolina, which has been abandoned by the Democrats. And I'm going to North Carolina very importantly first. I'll be there on Friday. And then I'm going from there to Los Angeles. And then I'm going to Nevada. And I'm really going to Nevada to thank them for the vote because we won Nevada overwhelmingly. And that's usually a Democrat vote. And I just want to go there to thank the people of Nevada for the big vote. So we'll be making that. Yeah, please. The leaders of the proud boys and the oath keepers were free following their pardons yesterday. At the time back in 2021, you urged them to stand back and stand by. Is there now a place for them in the political conversation? Well, we have to see they've been given a pardon. I thought their sentences were ridiculous and excessive. One of the guys took down a flag that was an anti-American flag. And he was given years in jail. I don't know the exact number, but he was given many years in jail. I thought it was very excessive. And at least the cases that we looked at, these were people that actually love our country. So we thought a pardon would be appropriate. Yeah. Is it also true in your conversation with Republicans today that you asked them to consider recess appointments for academic officials? I think, yeah, if it's needed, I don't think it's going to be needed. Marco, as you know, got passed overwhelmingly with 99 to nothing, which is pretty amazing. Marco, Marco is going to do a great job, Secretary of State, but he just got, I guess he was the first one and just got approved. That's some vote, 99 to nothing. And the, the, the nothing was a vote that he would have gotten if we wanted to do it. But, you know, whose vote that was, who's doing a great job right now as vice president. You also talked about some sort of a trade or a deal involving wildfire relief in, in extension for a debt. Well, what I, what I really want to have done, I was talking about this with the guys back, back in the Yovl office. Los Angeles has massive amounts of water available to it. All they have to do is turn the valve. And that's the valve coming back from and down from the Pacific Northwest, where millions of gallons of water a week and a day, even in many cases, pours into California, goes all through California down to Los Angeles. And they turned it off. It's off now. The valve goes, it turns toward the Pacific Ocean and all that water goes pouring into the Pacific Ocean. If they did what I told them to do, they wouldn't do it because politically they didn't think it was good. I think it was, I think it's great politically. I think they're dead politically, what they've done, they've destroyed the city. What they've done to that city is unbelievable. The sprinklers, their sprinklers in there like these right here that you see. None of them had any water on them. They didn't have any water. The fire hydrants 40% of mad no water. The brush was just dry. Everything was dry. The sprinklers on the lawn were allowed to even be used. So, you know, everything was dry and it was an inferno. They created an inferno. So we're demanding that they turn the valve back toward Los Angeles right now. It's not even believable that they haven't done it just so you know they have a valve. And it turns like think of a sink, but multiply it times many thousands of times the size of it. It's massive. And you turn it back toward Los Angeles. Why aren't they doing it? They either have a death wish. They're stupid or there's something else going on that we don't understand. But we want the water that they're throwing away to be used for California. And that includes the farmers of California. You know, when you drive up North, you see all of the land. I couldn't believe it. I was with Devon Nunes when he was a congressman and some other congressman from the area. And we're driving up and we're in the highway. And I keep looking at these farms and the land is bone dry. And then you'd see a nacre about a nacre or two acres with the most beautiful green plants growing. And it's the most beautiful. You've got it's rich stuff. And you look at the soil and it's so rich. That soil is almost the equivalent to like Iowa soil. It's phenomenal. It's got no water. But the reason it has no water. I said, do you have a drought? No. I said, what do you mean you don't have a drought? Look at the thing. It's dry as a bone. The reason you have like an acre is because they say you can you can farm one acre, but no more. Because they didn't want to waste water. But they throw the water into the Pacific. I said, these people are crazy. So we're going to be issuing an executive order demanding that they immediately let that water come down to through California. Farmers, even people living in Beverly Hills. Now those people have been a lot, I mean a lot of them are wiped out. Believe it or not, you know, they were having restrictions, Larry, you know about this. They wanted to restrict you to 38 gallons of water a day. That sounds like a lot, but it's not when you're a rich person. You like to take a shower. 38 gallons is at last very long. And they have all this water. And it's really good water. The Pi Pacific Northwest, some comes in from Canada. A nice country, by the way, comes in from Canada. And it comes all the way through California. And they're restricted. You even have the half pipes, you know, the half pipes, the cut pipes. Big ones bigger than this room. And they go all the way down and they're bone dry. And they could be loaded up with water. But isn't it incredible that they don't do it? And it's to protect the delta smell. It's a fish that's doing poorly anyway. But it's said, how are you protecting the delta smell by not giving it water? It's a fish. These water. Nobody can answer that question. Let me do this for you. Are you open to Elon, by the way, Tiktok? Is it? Are you open to Elon, by the way, Tiktok? I would be if he wanted to buy it, yeah? I'm not really on your novel. I'd like to buy it too. I have the right to make a deal. So the deal I'm thinking about, Larry, let's negotiate in front of the media. The deal, I think, is this. And I've met with owners of Tiktok, the big owners. It's worthless if it doesn't get a permit. It's not like, oh, you can take the US. The whole thing is worthless. With a permit, it's worth like a trillion dollars. So what I'm thinking about saying to somebody is buy it and give half to the United States of America, half, and we'll give you the permit. And they'll have a great partner at the United States. And they'll have something that's actually more valuable because they have the ultimate partner and the United States will make it very worthwhile for them in terms of the permits and everything else. So think of it. You have an asset that has no value or has a trillion dollar value. It all depends on whether or not the United States gives the permit. So what I'm saying is let the United States give the permit and the United States should get half. Sounds reasonable. What do you think? He can afford it too. You're a friend who has long said that you're back with blue. But aren't you sending the message that assaulting officers is okay with these partners? No, the opposite. In fact, I'm going to be letting two officers from Washington, police DC. I believe that from DC, but I just approved it. They were arrested, put in jail for five years because they went after an illegal, and I guess something happened where something went wrong. And they arrested the two officers to put them in jail for going after a criminal, a rough criminal, by the way. And I'm actually releasing. No, I'm the friend of, I am the friend of police. More than any president that's ever been in this office. More than 100 of the people that you've pardoned the assaulted officers. So I want to ask you about the vice president, Jamie Vance. He said, if this is a week ago, he said, if you've committed violence on January 6th, obviously you should not be pardoned. Why is your vice president wrong? Well, only for one reason, they've served years in jail. They should not have served, excuse me. And they've served years in jail and murderers don't even go to jail in this country. We had 1,500, we have 16 under review, as you know, we commuted about 16 of them because it looks like they could have done things that were not acceptable for a full pardon. But these people have served years of jail, or the lives have been ruined. And in many, and in many cases, listen to me for a second, stop interrupting. They've served years in jail. And if you look at the American public, the American public is tired of it. Take a look at the election. Just look at the numbers on the election. We won this election in a landslide because the American public is tired of people like you that are just one sided, horrible people in terms of crime. You don't talk about all the people that have been killed and what happens to those murderers. Murderers get no time. You take a look at some of these DAs. They go after political opponents, but they don't go after people that shoot people in the street. They're caught. They know where they're living. They know everything. They don't even go up to pick them up anymore. They just let them live there. They know all about it. They have their pictures. They have the tape of the shooting. And they don't even go up and you're talking about this. Now we pardoned people that were treated unbelievably poorly. In the history of our country, there's never been anything take place like this. They're still looking for them, but they're not looking for the murderers. The people that are killing everybody. We are though, and we're getting them out of the country. We just started that. We're getting them out of the country. And they're going to be gotten out of the country first. They came in illegally from jails and from prisons. They killed many people. Some of them killed many people. About 50% of them killed more than one person. They were released into our country. That's what we're focused on. Not the kind of nonsense you're talking about. You call for a ceasefire in Ukraine. If Vladimir Putin doesn't come to the table to negotiate with you, will you put additional sanctions on Russia? Sounds likely. Do you think that the war should be frozen currently along the way? The war should have never started. If you had a competent president, which you did and the war wouldn't have happened, the war in Ukraine would have never happened to the war president. But that couldn't happen because the election was rigged. Yeah, go ahead. There's been some debate within your orbit over whether or not to keep or eliminate H1B visas. Is your position on that? Do you want to keep H1Bs or do you want to get them? I like both sides of the argument, but I also like very competent people coming into our country. Even if that involves them training and helping other people that may not have the qualifications they do, but I don't want to stop. And I'm not just talking about engineers. I'm talking about people at all levels. We want competent people coming into our country. And HB1, I know the program very well. I use the program, Maitrede's, wine experts, even waiters, high quality waiters. You got to get the best people. Now, then you go into people like Larry and he needs engineers and Moss and this gentleman needs engineers like nobody's ever needed engineers. Right? So we have to have the quality people coming in. Now, by doing that, we're expanding businesses and that takes care of everybody. So I'm sort of on both sides of the argument, but what I really do feel is that we have to let really competent people, great people come into our country. And we do that through the H1 program. Mr. President, are you supposed to post tariffs on Canada and Mexico in an effort to force negotiations sooner on USMCA? No, it's really not on USMCA. It has nothing to do with that. They've allowed both of them in Canada very much so. They've allowed millions and millions of people to come into our country that shouldn't be here. They could have stopped them and they didn't. And they've killed 300,000 people last year, my opinion, have been destroyed by drugs, by fentanyl. The fentanyl coming through Canada is massive. The fentanyl coming through Mexico is massive. And people are getting killed and families are being destroyed. I mean, the sun gets killed and the family is a basket case for the rest of their lives. I mean, I've seen mothers that thought that heal. They never heal. They say it gets worse with time. It gets worse with time. They lose their boy. They lose their baby. They lose their young daughter to fentanyl poisoning. And I had that talk with President Xi the other day, too, of China. I said, we don't want that crap in our country. You're going to stop it. I had a deal with him where he was going to give the maximum penalty, which in China is the death penalty for drug dealing. And he was all said he was going to give the maximum penalty to fentanyl dealers if they sent to the United States. So we're going to get the death penalty. And of course, Biden didn't pick that up. I had that deal all done. It was all wrapped up. We're going to have it done. And then the election went. Let's put it nicely. We didn't go the proper way. I'm doing, I'm trying to be nice about it. It was rigged. And we had an incompetent president elected. And he never followed up on that deal. But he should have followed up. Because if they got the death penalty, they wouldn't be sending fentanyl to Mexico, Canada and other places. How much will this be? We're thinking about that, too. We're talking about a tariff of 10% on China based on the fact that they're sending fentanyl to Mexico and Canada. How soon on those tariffs? Probably February 1st is the date we're looking at. For Mexico and China, we're talking about approximately 25%. The date on the Gaza ceasefire. Are you planning to travel to the Middle East soon? We're thinking about going to the Middle East not yet. We have a thing called the hostages are coming back going on right now. They are coming back. Some of them have been very damaged. You look at the young lady with her hand practically blown off. You know how that happened, right? Did you know that happened when you find out it did not going to be too happy because it was terrible. But the hostages are starting to come back. Oh, if I weren't here, they wouldn't be back ever. They would have never come back. They would have all died. If this were done a year earlier, if Biden would have done this the early year and a half, two years ago, or frankly, it should have never happened. October 7th should have never happened. Nobody should be dead. But through weakness, they allowed it to happen. And then it was a disaster from them. But you go back just six months ago. Many of these young people were living. You know, young people don't die like that. They're just dying. Young people aren't dying at 22 and 23 years old. They don't die. But now they're dying. And you wonder why they're dying. They're being killed. And they have been killed. But they say six months ago you would have had 11 more living hostages. Think of that six months ago. But Biden couldn't get it done. And it was only the imposition that I put on as a deadline that got it done. But it's a very sad situation. It should have never happened. I'll tell you two things should have never happened. Three things. Inflation should have never happened. It would have never happened, except for what they did to energy and their crazy spending. And Ukraine would have never happened. Never. By the way, Russia never would have gone into Ukraine. I had a very strong understanding with Putin. They would have never, ever happened. He disrespected Biden. Very simple. He disrespected people. He smarty understands. He disrespected Biden. And also the Middle East would have never happened because Iran was broke. They had no money. They had no money for Hamas. They had no money for Hezbollah. It would have never happened. October 7th would have never happened. But it did happen. So this is the cards I've been given. And we're getting the hostages back. That would have never happened to under Biden. They would have never come back. They were just dying versus not that slowly. They were dying. Being killed. But that was what was happening. You want to keep sending weapons to Ukraine or are you going to turn off the tap soon? Well, we're looking at that. We're talking to Zelensky. We're going to be talking with President Putin very soon. And we'll see how it all happens. We're going to look at a very... One thing I do feel the European Union should be paying a lot more than they're paying because under Biden, I mean, we're in there for $200 billion more. Now it affects them more than it affects us. We have an ocean in between, right? Little thing called an ocean. The European Union should equalize. We're in there for $200 billion more than the European Union. I mean, what do we stoop it? I guess the answer is yes, because they must think so. But the European Union takes advantage of us tremendously on trade and they now take advantage of and always have. If I didn't get involved years ago in my first term, one of the first things I noticed was that they're not paying enough. They're not paying. And a lot of those countries weren't even paying the NATO countries. They weren't paying. Only seven out of 28 were paying. We were one of them. And Poland was one. And they had a few of them that were paying. And some were paying very proudly. Usually the closer to the borderline of Russia, they were the faster they paid, OK? The ones that were further away tended not to pay so fast. And one thing on that, I think they should lift their number not to 2% but to 5%. NATO should be at 5%, not a 2%. 2% is ridiculous, yeah. The US President Xi and your conversation about Ukraine, you asked him to get involved in helping settle that. Can you tell us about it? I did. I said, you ought to get it settled, because he's not done very much on that. He's got a lot of power. Like we have a lot of power. I said, you ought to get it settled. We did discuss it. Yeah. You won the U.S. and you can you selling products that benefit yourself personally while you're president? Well, I don't know if it benefited. I don't know where it is. I don't know much about it. Other than I launched it, I heard it was very successful. I haven't checked it. Where is it today? You made a lot of money, sir. How much? Several billion dollars. It seems like in the last several days. Several billion? That's peanuts for these guys. I'm sorry, president. So you're talking about the way you're asking five million? The stomach sense probably speaks to you. Yeah, you wrote me a nice letter. I mean, I did open it last night. And I didn't know Peter said, did you get the letter? I said, wait a minute. Let's say the letter is sort of a tradition. You put it in the draw, especially of the beautiful Resolute Desk, right? And I opened it there. And there it was. It said to number 47. And it was a very nice letter. I mean, I could show it, because I think it was a nice letter. Maybe I will. I think it just basically, it was a little bit of an inspirational type letter. Joy it. Do a good job. Important. Very important. How important the job is. But I may, I think it was a nice letter. I think I should let people see it, because it was a positive for him in writing it. I appreciate it, the letter. Just your president, were security concerns at all factor when deciding to move your operation into the virus? No, not at all. No, not at all. It was just cold. Look, if we would have, you know, I just went out to the helicopter right to, to, we said goodbye. That's a tradition, as long as helicopter, before it used to be a stage coach. And then helicopters came along. But that's been a tradition. You go out and you do that. And we stood there for 10 minutes. And I'll tell you what, people would not have been able to get through that day. That was cold. It was sort of interesting. Don't let the sun fool you. Tell me something. Sunny days can get very cold, can't they? Because that was so freezing yesterday. You couldn't have gotten through it. It would have been, and the answer is no. It wasn't secured. With that being said, I thought the capital, the rotunda, was beautiful. 72 degrees, unbelievable sound. You know, it's like being in an opera house. I could see people wanting to do it there rather than outside. Why did they remove John Bolton's security clearance, sir? Because I think there was enough time. It's, we take a job. You take a job. You want to do a job. We're not going to have security on people for the rest of their lives. Why should we? I thought he was, I thought he was a very dumb person, but I used him well because every time people saw me come into a meeting with John Bolton standing behind me, they thought that he'd attack them because he was a war monger. He's the one that got us involved, along with Cheney and a couple of others, convinced Bush, which was a terrible decision to blow up the Middle East. You know, we blew up the Middle East and we left. We got nothing out of it except a lot of death. We killed a lot of people. And John Bolton was, you know, one of those guys is a stupid guy. But no, you can't have that for life. You shouldn't expect it for life. I don't know. I mean, look, President Zelensky would like to have peace. He's told me that very strongly. He'd like to have peace, but it takes two to tango. We'll see what happens. Will you be the president of cooking? Anytime they want. I'll meet. I'll meet that end. Millions of people are being killed. And they're being killed. It's a vicious situation. And they'll now largely soldiers. A lot of people have been killed in the cities. They look like demolition sites. Buildings, massive buildings, bombed and coming down. The thing with Ukraine is that many more people died than you're reporting. You're not reporting the real numbers. And I'm not blaming you for that. I'm blaming, I'm blaming maybe our government for not wanting to release those numbers. Many more people died than what you know about. When those big buildings come down and they say, two people were injured, no, no. Many people, thousands of people are being killed. But the people, the real killing now, is on the war front. It's a very flat land. And the only thing that stops a bullet is somebody's body. And you have young soldiers. So Russia's lost about 800,000 soldiers now. Ukraine's lost about 600 or 700,000. And I think the numbers are low that they're giving out. And but they've lost massive numbers of young soldiers. And that war should stop. It's very flat. You know, it's beautiful farmland and it's flat and really beautiful in a different kind of way, but they don't have any protection. The only thing that stops a bullet is a body. And those bodies that stop at a lot of bullets and they're getting, they're being decimated. So you've got all the sides. What did you tell him in terms of when to expect tariffs? And what can he do to avoid? About which one? About tariffs. We didn't talk too much about tariffs other than he knows where I stand. Look, I put large tariffs on China. I've taken in hundreds of billions of dollars until I was president. China never paid. Not ten cents to the United States. me they paid hundreds of 600 billion dollars or so or more, more than that even, of tariffs. And if I didn't do that, you wouldn't have a steel mill open in the United States right now. You wouldn't have one steel mill open in the United States. So what I did is I saved the steel industry. I saved other industries too with other tariffs. Other countries are big abusers also. You know, it's not just China. China is an abuser, but the European Union is very, very bad to us. They treat us very, very badly. They don't take our cars. They don't take our cars at all. They don't take our farm products, essentially. They don't take very much. We have a $350 billion deficit with the European Union. They treat us very, very badly. So they're going to be in in for tariffs. It's the only way you're going to get back. It's the only way you're going to get fairness. You can't get fairness unless you do that. But the European Union treated us very badly. But essentially everybody treats us badly. You know, everybody treats us badly. Yes, go ahead. Because we allow them to. Because we've had stupid people doing this and we can't have, I'd like to have these three people negotiate for us. Just for one week and would be a rich country again, but we'll be rich. Mr. President, on AI data centers, will you rescind president Biden's executive order that opens up federal land? On which centers? On data centers. Will you rescind president Biden's executive order that opens up federal lands for data centers and energy production? No, I wouldn't do that. That sounds to me like it's something that I would like. I'd like to see federal lands opened up for data centers. I think they're going to be very important. Again, we have a lot of competition for that. So it's an honor to have these three great people, great, great CEOs and great geniuses, all three. It's an honor that they want to come to our country, but we're going to make it as easy as we can for them because other countries want them to. I'm going to have to go now. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Do you have to take part in your phone? No, but I think I might move it. I think I'll get it right now. By the way, again, we won the young vote. I think I won it through TikTok. So I have a warm spot in my heart for TikTok, okay? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.